Memory retry as a workflow option [BW-284] (#6167)
broadinstitute/cromwell: docs/cromwell_features/RetryWithMoreMemory.md

> #Retry with More Memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Retry with More Memory
```

With this feature one can specify an array of strings which when encountered in the `stderr` file by Cromwell, 
allows the task to be retried with more memory. The retry will be counted against the `maxRetries` count mentioned in 
the `runtimeAtrributes` in the task. There are 2 settings for this feature:

> * `system.memory-retry-error-keys` : the error keys that need to be set in Cromwell config

Reviewer: RTD is more picky about MD grammar than github. You'll want to add a newline before the bullet point list

* `memory_retry_multiplier` : [optional] the factor by which the memory should be multiplied while retrying. This needs 

> to be passed in through workflow options and should be in the range `1.0 <= multiplier <= 99.0` (note: if set to `1.0` the task

Reviewer 2: This may be the most seagull comment ever (option + `<` on Mac = `≤`)
```suggestion
to be passed in through workflow options and should be in the range `1.0 ≤ multiplier ≤ 99.0` (note: if set to `1.0` the task
```

Author: TIL. This is pretty cool. I have replaced `<` with `≤` 👍

> will retry with same amount of memory). If not passed, Cromwell will not retry the task with more memory.

Reviewer: Could you clarify whether this means:
* "will not retry the task" 
* "will retry the task but with the same amount of memory"?

For example, if the error keys set in Cromwell config are as below and the multipler passed through workflow options is 
`"memory_retry_multiplier": 1.1` 
```hocon
system {
  memory-retry-error-keys = ["OutOfMemory", "Killed"]
}
```  
this tells Cromwell to retry the task with 1.1x memory when it sees either `OutOfMemoryError` or `Killed` in the `stderr` 
file. 

If the task has runtime attributes as below 
```hocon
runtimeAtrributes {
  memory: "1 GB"
  continueOnReturnCode: true
  maxRetries: 1
}
``` 

> the task will be retried at max 1 more time, and this time with "1.1 GB" memory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the task will be retried 1 more time if it runs out of memory, and this time with "1.1 GB". 
```
